the vehicles in Sniper Elite 3 now have
the x-ray killcam as part of their
functionality so that just like when you
shoot a person you see an x-ray of their
skeleton this time you when you shoot a
truck or a tank you actually see an
x-ray showing the engine with all the
Pistons moving which is pretty fantastic
the killcam is something that's really
big in the IP of the sniper elite and we
didn't want to just rest on our laurels
we want it to like make it better
improve it push you forward and you know
give more scope to it yep look out for
some x-ray kill cams on the engines
we are really big on authenticity and
what really helps us is we've got a
bunch of guys who are tank nerds and
geeks and you know they love this kind
of stuff anyway when we were looking at
pretty more vehicles in the game we got
ourselves down to the Bob eating Tank
Museum and getting a personal tour from
the museum's curator is amazing we're
here at the Tank Museum at bovington
bobbing tins got the best collection of
tanks in the world this is where the
british army came in the first world war
to train with this new secret weapon the
tank they stayed here ever since and
it's also where they put a collection
together to help teach the truth and
that's now open to the public and it has
been for many years now what happens in
the North African campaign towards the
end of it only then does hit the really
wake up to the fact he is about to be
defeated in North Africa and at the very
last moment he starts reinforcing the
German armies there with the latest
equipment and more men he loses an awful
lot of that equipment as it travels
across the Mediterranean but
interestingly he doesn't lose any of the
tiger tanks he sends across they all
make it there that have been sent out
the vehicle takedowns have added a
really nice fresh new element to the
gameplay in Sniper Elite 3 we recently
demoed the game at PAX East in the US
and a few shows in the UK game has got
to go hands-on with Hellfire passed the
third level and at the end of the level
they come face to face for the tiger
tank for the first time what we found
was that players have many different
approaches to taking down the tank some
would use dynamite and mines to
immobilize it and make it an easier
target others using binoculars to tag
vulnerable parts and take it down piece
by piece from a distance all the while
staying in coverage thanks Delfy the
bravest snipers went for one of the
hardest shots in the game which is
through the vision slit on the tank it's
brave because if you get that wrong the
tank will quickly find you you're not
going to last long you don't have to
longs away and you can go pre-order it
now
you